What are we doing right now?
This file will be updated all the time, to make sure we are on track. 

Right now we just finished with the update process, in case we want to
update a file which already exists, and if the file does not exists
it must be created with action "create", but any update action is acce-
pted. 

Next:
Now we are looking to complete the request function. 
For request function we will have additional options. 
First of those additional options will be the response type requested. 
We have two request types available, first is the type checksum. 

For checksum we will not send the actual file to the client but the 
SHA1 hash of each 1MB block for the file, if file is less than 1 MB 
then it will be the 1MB block with rest of the bytes set to ZERO. 
And each of those sha values will be split by new line terminators \n
In the response from the server, it should have all the metadata in the
header attributes, and then the sha values will be sent as data. 
Server will not request for the client's ACK before sending data as it 
sent all as a single "packet" (by one packet we here mean one contiguos 
response, not the same as TCP packet), so the client will have prepare 
to accept the response for type CRC, even if the client had to discard
the data later. 

The other type will be Data, which is the actual file itself again with
all the metadata sent as attributes to the packet in the header. 
With this response type, server will wait for the client's ACK before 
it starts processing the data to be sent to the client, and the client
can also refuse to accept the data, by replying a response with no 
header and attributes (so an empty packet) ust 0xD000000000000000.
To accept the data, an empty packet with no headers, but data bits all
set to high, so 0xD000FFFFFFFFFFFF. 

we are aware that SHA1 is not as secure, but here we are only using 
the algorithm for comparing files to confirm changes, if in case they 
need to be resent to the server to update. 
